packages/website/src/pages/index.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from 'nextra-theme-docs';

# Welcome to react-docgen!

<Callout emoji="🚧">This website is under construction</Callout>

`react-docgen` is a highly customizable library that extracts information from
[React](https://reactjs.org/) components and returns this information in a
structured machine readable format from which documentations can be generated.

It uses [Babel](https://babel.dev/) to parse the source into an AST and provides
methods to process this AST to extract the desired information. The output /
return value is a JSON blob / JavaScript object.

It provides a default implementation for React components defined via
`React.createClass`, [ES2015 class definitions][classes] or functions (stateless
components). These component definitions must follow certain guidelines in order
to be analyzable (see below for more info).

<Callout type="info" emoji="">
  react-docgen is a low level tool to extract information about react
  components. If you are searching for a more high level styleguide with nice
  interface try
  [react-styleguidist](https://github.com/styleguidist/react-styleguidist) or
  any of the other tools listed in the
  [wiki](https://github.com/reactjs/react-docgen/wiki). (TODO site with all
  tools using react-docgen.)
</Callout>

[classes]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes

Commit message:

Update manipage and add users page

packages/website/src/pages/index.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from 'nextra-theme-docs';

# react-docgen

`react-docgen` is a highly customizable library that extracts information from
[React](https://reactjs.org/) components and returns this information in a
structured machine-readable format from which documentation can be generated.

It uses [Babel](https://babel.dev/) to parse the source into an AST and provides
methods to process this AST to extract the desired information. The output /
return value is a JSON blob / JavaScript object.

It provides a default implementation for React components defined via
`React.createClass`, [ES2015 class definitions][classes] or functions (stateless
components). These component definitions must follow certain guidelines in order
to be analyzable (see below for more info).

<Callout type="info" emoji="">
  react-docgen is a low-level tool to extract information about react
  components. If you are searching for a full-fledged style guide with an actual
  interface check out some of the tools that are using `react-docgen`. You can
  find a list of tools on [this page](./users.mdx)
</Callout>

[classes]:
  https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes
